I slept only at 9 AM today, i had to complete my girlfriend's assignment on langraph where i used conductor (multi agent orchestrator for claude code) to complete it since i was too tired and didn't have the time to work on it. I was going through ways to scrape live gold and silver rates from a website using selinium to build a personal dashboard where i can visualize my finances, career and health. The issue was that i have to run cron jobs daily in order to scrape it and i can't afford to self host a server for this cron job and also can't use serverless due to selinium limitation. Didn't want to spend money on an EC2 instance as well so i dropped the project for now. I woke up at 4 PM and had my lunch. Then started my work at about 5:30 PM, i went through striver's a2z playlist in youtube and also neetcode's 150 problems. I am already solving dsa problems from neetcode but still i don't get the practice of solving problems on my own, i lack behind in problem solving. I have to start from scratch so i prepared a table to map a2z striver playlist and neetcode problems where i solve problems on different categories like arrays, hashing, linked list .etc along with theory and practice. I started off with learning about time complexity and solved basic pattern problems. Then, i had a look at the AWS solution architect course where i am left behind from my colleagues who have started it a week ago. I studied about AWS regions and zones then started off with AWS IAM service with introduction to users, groups and policies. After that, i had to go to the gym and i did the following: pushups, assisted pullups (70kg), dumbbell bench press (5kg), dumbbell shoulder press (5kg), wide lat pull down (20), dumbbell bicep curls (5kg), tricep extension (7.5kg) and squats. 